[Autogenerated] Hello.
Welcome back to fundamentals of building dot net
applications on AWS I'm Julie Lierman.
In the previous module,
we deployed our A s p dot net core application to AWS but discovered
that we also need to get the database credentials,
which should definitely not be hard coded into the application onto AWS
so that the deployed application has access to them.
And that's the goal of this module.
First, I'll give you a quick overview of the options we have on AWS.
Then once I explain what's behind my choice of those options
which is the AWS Systems manager parameter store.
But go ahead and create those secrets on AWS.
And with those available, we can return to the APP,
remove the hack that I left in place at the end of the last module and set up
the application to read those cloud based secrets both when debugging in visual
studio and from the deployed application on AWS,
then weaken republish the AB and see it truly working with no hacks on AWS. So let's get started